# Description
This folder contains R scripts to calculate future projections of air conditioning penetration and related electricity consumption, as well as to produce figures and tables that are contained in the paper (referenced in the main readme file of this repository).

## Files and folders

 - `sourcer.R` - this is the master script to run all projection experiments and reporting items (figures, tables). The script calls individual script files and it should be run exactly in the order it calls each file to replicate the paper's analysis. 
 - `global_model/` - this folder contains all the scripts to calculate projections based on the models estimated on the global pool of household data. Scripts can be run individually, but it is preferrable to call them from within the `sourcer.R`master file. 
 - `national_model/` - this folder contains all the scripts to calculate projections based on the models estimated on the national subsets of household data. Scripts can be run individually, but it is preferrable to call them from within the `sourcer.R`master file. 
 - `*/only_macro_drivers/` - these folders produce alternative projections where only income and climate channels are projected into the future, while other socio-economic drivers (age, education, etc.) remain constant. Scripts can be run individually, but it is preferrable to call them from within the `sourcer.R`master file. 
 - `figures/` - this folder contains script to produce figures based on the projection scripts outputs (which are stored in the `./interm/projections` folder). Additional visual items and outputs based on the projections are generated by scripts that can be called from the `sourcer.R` file.  

## Note on replicability
Projection results as presented in the paper were obtained in January 2025 using the following software specifications:

 - Windows 11 Pro
 - R version 4.3.1 (2023-06-16 ucrt) -- "Beagle Scouts"
 - fixest_0.11.1

Due to recent software and library updates, we noticed that the results of the replication procedure for the projection part of this work might diverge very sligthly from the results presented in the paper when using more updated versions of the packages or of R. Such discrepancies are however of a magnitude that does not affect the aspect of the figures, the implications of the findings, or the messages provided in the paper. 
